README.md, before:

<div align=center>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/N3agu/MarkSharp/refs/heads/main/MarkSharp/images/logo-100.png" width="100">
</div>

## Overview
Mark# is a simple, modern, and lightweight Markdown editor built with C# and WPF.

## Images
**Light Theme:**

![light](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/N3agu/MarkSharp/refs/heads/main/MarkSharp/images/light.png)

**Dark Theme:**

![dark](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/N3agu/MarkSharp/refs/heads/main/MarkSharp/images/dark.png)

## Features

- **Live Preview:** A split-screen view with a real-time HTML preview that updates as you type.
- **Theme Support:** Toggle between light and dark modes, with the preview pane adapting automatically.
- **File Operations:** Full support for Open (Ctrl+O), Save (Ctrl+S), and Save As (Ctrl+Shift+S).
- **Scroll Syncing:** A toggleable feature that syncs the scroll position between the editor and preview panes.
- **Unsaved Changes Tracking:** The window title shows an * when your file has unsaved changes.
- **Status Bar:** Clean status bar with word count, theme toggle, and scroll sync toggle.

## Prerequisites
- [.NET 8 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/8.0)
- [ModernWPF](https://github.com/Kinnara/ModernWpf)
- [Markdig](https://github.com/xoofx/markdig)
- [WebView2](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/Microsoft-edge/webview2/)
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Update README.md to document TBI, formatting toolbar and exporting features

README.md, after:

<div align=center>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/N3agu/MarkSharp/refs/heads/main/MarkSharp/images/logo-100.png" width="100">
</div>

## Overview
Mark# is a simple, modern, and lightweight Markdown editor built with C# and WPF.

## Images
**Light Theme:**

![light](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/N3agu/MarkSharp/refs/heads/main/MarkSharp/images/light.png)

**Dark Theme:**

![dark](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/N3agu/MarkSharp/refs/heads/main/MarkSharp/images/dark.png)

## Features
- **Tabbed Document Interface:** Have multiple files open at once, each in its own tab.
- **Live Preview:** A split-screen view with a real-time HTML preview that updates as you type.
- **Rich Text Formatting Toolbar:** Buttons for Bold (Ctrl+B), Italic (Ctrl+I), Links (Ctrk+K), Strikethrough, Code, and Blockquotes.
- **File Operations:** Full support for Open (Ctrl+O), Save (Ctrl+S), and Save As (Ctrl+Shift+S).
- **Export to HTML:** (Ctrl+Shift+E) Saves a self-contained .html file with all styles.
- **Print to PDF:** (Ctrl+P) "Prints" the document to a clean .pdf file.
- **Unsaved Changes Tracking:** The window title shows an * when your file has unsaved changes.
- **Status Bar:** Clean status bar with word count, theme toggle, and scroll sync toggle.
- **Scroll Syncing:** A toggleable feature that syncs the scroll position between the editor and preview panes.
- **Theme Support:** Toggle between light and dark modes, with the preview pane adapting automatically.

## Prerequisites
- [.NET 8 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/8.0)
- [ModernWPF](https://github.com/Kinnara/ModernWpf)
- [Markdig](https://github.com/xoofx/markdig)
- [WebView2](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/Microsoft-edge/webview2/)
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
